Add backup.create service (#22407)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/backup.markdown

When it has started up again you will find a new "Backup" entry in the main menu (**Configuration** -> **Backup**).

The backup files are stored in a new "backups" subdirectory in the root of your configuration directory.

## Services

> The update entity exposes a services that can be used to automate the backup

Reviewer: - This is the backup entity, not the update entity
- "Services" is plural, when it should be singular

```
The backup entity exposes a service that can be used to automate the backup process.
```

Author: Copy/Pasta! 🎉 

```suggestion
The backup integration exposes a service that can be used to automate the backup
```

Thanks, @hkamran80 👍
